Hello all, welcome back.
So in this module, we will look at codecs,
that is coders and
decoders, to make more efficient use
of the data plane in communications.
So we have three lessons.
One is motivation for
studying source codings,
codecs are based on taking advantage
of redundancy in the signals.
In the second lesson,
we will look at how to take advantage of
redundancy just by looking at
the waveform of the signal.
And then, finally, we will look at
codecs that are based on taking
advantage of the knowledge of these
sources that generate the signal,
like the the vocal track.
And the receiver,
that as the human hearing that they
are trying to communicate with.
These are called parametric codecs.
And we will look at some of
the VoIP-related issues when we go from
circuit switched to packet switched.